If you get too many notifications on
your phone, try this out. This is
basically [music] just a NFC chip that
you can tap with your phone. Once you
tap it, it will just block a certain
list of apps. This is actually [music]
meant to help people reduce their screen
time, but that's actually not the main
reason I use this. I just use this to
block out a certain group of apps when
I'm trying to do work. I have [music]
one list that is called silence. When I
activate it, I won't get any
notifications from people messaging me.
You actually don't see the notifications
at all, so there's no temptation to pull
you in. The break, I think it's nice
because you have to make the conscious
decision [music] to be like, "Okay, work
time is over."